                          IRM INSTALL INSTRUCTIONS
                         --------------------------

If Things Go Wrong
------------------

Before we start, it is important that you know what to do if things go
wrong.  First, check the FAQ (in this directory), if that doesn't help,
e-mail irm-discuss@lists.sf.net, and we'll try to help you out.  Give as
much useful information as you can, such as your OS, PHP, and Webserver
details and versions, as well as which version of IRM you are running.


Requirements
------------

To install and run IRM, you will need the following:

* Webserver:  Apache is recomended, but others can work if you know how to
	configure them.  www.apache.org.

* PHP: You will need at least PHP 4.1.x, with the MySQL module enabled
	either as an extension or compiled into your PHP binary.

	If you want SNMP or LDAP support, you will need to have the relevant
	module enabled.

* Core PEAR: Preferably a fairly new version.  But PEAR doesn't really have
	released versions, so it's best just to upgrade to the latest
	version of PEAR (using "pear upgrade -o PEAR").

* The PEAR MDB package, version 1.3.0 or later (earlier versions are buggy). 
	Many pre-packaged PHP installations either do not come with MDB, or
	have older versions.  Please ensure that your MDB is up to date.

	You can either install MDB via the PEAR command
	(pear install -o mdb), or by downloading it manually from
	http://pear.php.net/package/MDB/download and placing it somewhere in
	your include_path.  Note, however, that a manual download will
	likely require several other packages to be manually installed
	properly.  If you have root access, somewhere like /usr/share/php is
	usually a good idea, otherwise you can place MDB.php and the MDB
	directory in the root of your IRM installation.

* If you want SNMP support, you will also need UCD SNMP installed.  See
	ucd-snmp.ucdavis.edu, or your distribution's package archive.

* If you want to use the new DHTML sidebar menu, you will need to install
	the PEAR TreeMenu package.  You can probably install it by running
	
		pear install -o html_treemenu


Installing
----------

By now you probably have already extracted IRM by gzip and tar.  If not, I'm
surprised you've managed to read these instructions so far...

Make sure that everything in this distribution tarball is placed in a
location that the webserver can access, either within the "document root" of
your installation, or else referenced by an Alias directive (or equivalent).

Next, setup the Database(s) that you want to use.  Typically, this will
involve the use of mysqladmin or similar to create the database, and a GRANT
command to give permissions to the database user.  For more information,
consult your MySQL manual.

Copy the file config/database.ini.dist to config/database.ini, and edit
config/database.ini to define the location, name, username, password, and
other information for your database.  The required format is documented in
database.ini.

If you want to get user information from LDAP, you should copy
config/ldap.ini.dist to config/ldap.ini and edit it to suit your needs. 

Point your web browser to admin.php within your IRM install.  For example,
if you installed IRM at http://www.schoenefeld.org/irm, point your web
browser to http://www.schoenefeld.org/irm/admin.php and follow the
instructions on the page.  After you complete this step, be sure to remove
the admin.php file for security reasons.

You are almost there!  Open your web browser to the irm directory, log in
with 'Admin' as the user and 'admin' as the password.  Next, click on the
"Setup" link at the top of the page, then click on "Configure IRM" in order
to configure IRM to suit your needs.

Finally, go through the list of pre-defined accounts and either remove the
ones you don't need, or set their passwords to strong values.  Please do not
leave the default accounts active with their default passwords.
